Counterattack?
Making up evidence with a dead guy is
just a piece of cake. What counterattack?
Will the higher-ups be content with
inspiring a sense of national security?
Do it.
I'll tell them right now
he was trying to defect to the North.
Of course, he'd kill them.
You know how people are willing
to kill their own family,
cousins, and even children
if it helps them become king.
So why would he be any different?
Come on. You know how much
Ms. Hong care for his daughter.
Your own child means
more than anything in the world.
I feel like a horrible person.
As soon as I heard
about the hostage situation,
the first thing I thought of
is the fortuneteller.
She's not even your own daughter.
I must say,
you're such an angel, Ms. Hong.
Are you
very worried that 13 people will die
in the dorm?
What?
That must be why
you ran over here so late at night.
I ran over here
so late at night?
They say you can never hide
your humble origins.
How could you be so rude?
Don't you know my husband is
your husband's superior?
Charlotte.
You know that my husband graduated
from the military academy
four years earlier than him?
Pardon?
Well, yes. That's…
Yes, I'm aware of that.
They say the boughs that bear the most
hang the lowest.
I know the higher-up likes your husband,
but he might end up paying dearly
for disrespecting his senior.
I'm quite worried.
Worried?
You're worried?
You wench!
How dare a lowly entertainer like you
threaten me?
I'm a daughter of a general.
A four-star general!
My goodness. Ma'am, please calm down.
Hey, your husband rose
from humble origins.
Mine has many high-ranking in-laws.
You think they're on the same level?
Your husband becoming president.
Don't even dream about it.
It's not something
a lowlife like you can covet!
Ms. Hong, I'll get going too.
He definitely ordered us
to cooperate with the South.
Father must've made a deal with
the director of ANSP to save our lives.
Then why did they…
try to kill us?
I laid Comrade Lee down
in the next room. He's severely injured.
I'll go to him with the first aid kit.
You.
Follow me with the first aid kit.
-Why is he taking her?
-I don't know.
Keep your heads down.
Eung-cheol.
I'm sorry, sir.
Wait.